Charles filed that report from as we
speak is Israel still sending more
military assets around
Gaza well that's correct I'm here in
stot where the population that remains
here is still trying to recover from the
shock from the shatter sense of
stability that they had prior uh to this
incident the air strikes are ongoing
right here we were able to hear at least
10 air strikes this morning we do know
that the Israeli milit saying that they
have hit at least 100 of Hamed's Targets
in Gaza and at the same time they have
started they continue moving uh troops
towards this part of the country we have
seen uh we have seen armor vehicles we
have seen tanks lots of soldiers among
many other things they're also using
vessels from the sea they with Precision
guided munition uh the Israeli military
saying that they have hit for example
the Hamas headquarters in central Gaza
also a bank that operated uh with hammer
however right now the big question is
about when this ground operation could
take place the chief of staff of
israeli's military has addressed the
soldiers here telling them that the
operation is still ongoing that it is a
priority however that the lives of those
who have been kidnapped is a priority
right now the Israeli government is
saying that 199 people have been
kidnapped they're currently in Gaza
there's been lots of tension between the
Israeli government
and the relatives of those who have been
kidnapped many are very very critical of
the Israeli government handling of the
situation they want their loved ones
safe and that there's also ongoing
negotiations that we know of that
involve Qatar and Egypt among many
others who want to see uh the hostages
released especially women and children
Hamas is saying that foreign Nationals
that have been kidnapped could be
released if the situation on the ground
changes if the air strikes we have been
seeing nonstop happening right here in B
hanon on the other side where that's
Northern Gaza that you can see right
behind me stop however what Hamas is
saying is that those foreign Nationals
who have been serving in the Israeli
Army won't be released it's interesting
because when you're here you get a sense
that Israel the whole objective of
Israel right now is that something uh
like what happened will never happen
again again and that's of course is a
huge problem for Palestinians right in
Gaza and in other parts of of this area
Teresa B reporting from deral in
southern Israel thank you very much